1581086 update image filenames part two 10 09 (#15093)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/microservice-application-layer-implementation-web-api.md

For instance, the application layer code of the ordering microservice is directly implemented as part of the **Ordering.API** project (an ASP.NET Core Web API project), as shown in Figure 7-23.

> ![Screenshot of the Ordering.API microservice in the Solution Explorer.](./media/microservice-application-layer-implementation-web-api/ordering-api-microservice.png)

Reviewer: The longer description is also needed here, using the extended image tag:

```markdown
:::image type="complex" source="<folderPath>" alt-text="<alt-text>":::
<long description here>
:::image-end:::
```

As shown in Figure 7-24, the pattern is based on accepting commands from the client side, processing them based on the domain model rules, and finally persisting the states with transactions.

![Diagram showing the high-level data flow from client to database.](./media/microservice-application-layer-implementation-web-api/high-level-writes-side.png)

**Figure 7-24**. High-level view of the commands or “transactional side” in a CQRS pattern

> The high level view of the writes-side in CQRS: UI app sends a command through the API that gets to a CommandHandler, that depends on the Domain model and the Infrastructure to update the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Figure 7-24 shows that the UI app sends a command through the API that gets to a `CommandHandler`, that depends on the Domain model and the Infrastructure, to update the database.
```

As shown in Figure 7-25, in a CQRS approach you use an intelligent mediator, similar to an in-memory bus, which is smart enough to redirect to the right command handler based on the type of the command or DTO being received. The single black arrows between components represent the dependencies between objects (in many cases, injected through DI) with their related interactions.

![Diagram showing a more detailed data flow from client to database.](./media/microservice-application-layer-implementation-web-api/mediator-cqrs-microservice.png)

**Figure 7-25**. Using the Mediator pattern in process in a single CQRS microservice

> Zooming in from the previous image: the ASP.NET Core controller sends the command to MediatR's command pipeline, so they get to the appropriate handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above diagram shows a zoom-in from image 7-24: the ASP.NET Core controller sends the command to MediatR's command pipeline, so they get to the appropriate handler.
```
